---
title: v1.0.0 Release Notes
---

## Overview

[kintone UI Component v1.0.0](https://github.com/kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component/releases/tag/v1.0.0)  Release Notes.  
This section explains the background of the update from v0 to v1 and the future plans.

## Background

In v0, we have received a variety of requests, and we have responded to those request with additional components and functionalities.
For those engineer who are developing in Kintone and needed it to be looking like Kintone, we have added features to make this experience easier for you. Please find the following to learn more about our renewed v1.

<!--truncate-->

- Our respond to feature requests from v0 users.
- Specification/function study with specific use cases
- Reviewed the design and the complexity of the function.
- Lighter internal implementation

## Update details

The major updates are as follows:

- Improved the reproducibility of kintone parts
  -  The UI and behavior of the kintone parts are closer to the main platform.
- Enabled accessibility
  - Added support for keyboard operation and voice-to-speech software.
- Enabled mobile
  - We have provided mobile components since we have received a lot of request.
- Reference to each improvements
  - The reference page for each part is easy to view. (UI view, sample code)
  - Japanese supported.

## Considerations during development

This section explains the points of the update that were taken into account during the development process.

- Inherit the interface and reduces the learning cost.
  - This was put into consideration as we do not want the v0 users to experience a significant amount of change.

1. v1.0.0
```JavaScript
    const button = new Kuc.Button({
      type: 'submit',
      text: 'Search',
      id: 'kuc_button' // Add id property
    });
    header.appendChild(button);　// Show button
```
2. v0.7.4
```JavaScript
    const button = new kintoneUIComponent.Button({
      type: 'submit',
      text: 'Search',
    });
    header.appendChild(button.render());　// Show button
```

- Improved the usage of the property, rather than the invocation of the method.
  - To make this feature simple to use, you can now set the property without having to call its own method.

1. v1.0.0
```JavaScript
    const button = new Kuc.Button({
      type: 'submit',
      text: 'Search',
      id: 'kuc_button'
    });
    header.appendChild(button);
    button.text = 'Register'; // Update text property
```
2. v0.7.4
```JavaScript
    const button = new kintoneUIComponent.Button({
      type: 'submit',
      text: 'Search',
    });
    header.appendChild(button.render());
    button.setText('Register'); // Update text property
```

- Compressed and implemented the functions that are actually used in kintone customization.
  - Implemented components and functions with specific use cases. (Including what was not provided in kintone standard function)
  - In contract, we have excluded the development of components that we have considered to have fewer use cases. (If there is a use case, the correspondence will be considered.[GitHub issue](https://github.com/kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component/issues/new/choose)  We are looking forward to your feedback. ）
    - Attachment, ColorPicker, FieldGroup, IconButton, Tab, React ver.

- Implemented in the LitElement of the Web Components framework to improve readability of internal code.
  - Instead of implementing only in JavaScript, we aimed to improve the quality of internal code by implementing frameworks.
  - The WebComponents interface will be considered in the future.

With the above, we aimed to provide components that are easier to use than v0 and are aligned with the actual kintone customization use cases.
Please refer to the following article for the details and differences between v0 and v1[Here](https://kintone-ui-component.netlify.app/docs/guides/comparison-v0-v1)  .

## Future plans

The following are the plans for the upcoming v1:

- Provide additional components
  - Additional components such as Table, ReadOnlyTable, Dialog, Date, and DateTime are expected to be provided.
- Provide Mobile Enabled Components
- Preparing for samples and tutorials for a more practical use.
  - We will increase the sample code and the tutorial article according to the use case.

> In the case of v0, we will continue to fixed major issue and updating the library. However, new feature development is not part of the roadmap as of now.

## Conclusion

Thank you for reading till the end.
kintone UI Component v1 is a library designed to provide convenience for engineers who are involved in kintone customization and plug-in development.
Please stay tuned for further releasing note.

Feedback and improvement requests [GitHub issue](https://github.com/kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component/issues/new/choose)  Thank you for your comment.
Best regards.
